The Joe Rogan experience. He.
Sends me this text message. He goes, dude, check this out.
And it's you training with hot fail Codero and I remember.
Looking at it going, oh, what happened?
What happened? Cause the last time you were in here,
you were talking about how you didn't want to work out. Yeah.
Because it would ignite the ego.
Hey, let's talk about that too. So, um,
I was discussing my wife, something about me being away, you know,
when you have to yes. Sometimes when they complain and your wife,
when you wouldn't pick her up behind some kind of perspective, and she said,
well, why don't you just get on the treadmill for 15 minutes a day? I said,
excuse me, just 15 minutes. So it went from 15 minutes a day to two hours a day.
And that's what you were worried about. Yeah,
exactly. Um, but I was complaining about my weight and so,
um, I don't know. I guess I tried on some clothes and it was disastrous.
And so I was worried about my weight and she told me the 15 minute round knew in
two hours a day. And um, I just started losing weight. And then,
um, somebody called my brother-in-law said, Hey Mike, man,
I know you're not going to one. But somebody said,
will you fight this guy for like 40 million, 30 million bucks? I said, man,
whoa. I said, oh, that's not the thing to get the the world.
I said, well, who would they like me to fight and said, wait a minute.
And then it's Bob fat said, okay. And so I'm saying to myself,
well I know Bob. And then ho, cause I know Bob was big and strong and say,
hope one minute, how would they like me to fight them? Kind of fight him on,
in the market of Queensbury rules. And he said, wait a minute, Mike,
he asked the guy, the guy said yes. I said, I'll fight them. Right.
And so Bob Sapp was the first one that was brought up. The one, some people.
Don't know, Bob side, Bob side was a giant fighter in pride.
At one time he was like 375 pounds.
He was fighting all the kickboxers solid muscle.
Yes, incredible. Right. And um,
it went from him to somebody else and another guy in the MMA, the next guy.
And then somehow, no,
some other fighter van that didn't win from who else was another heavyweight
champ. We just a bunch of guys up here in fight. And they thing, you know,
it came down to Roy and I, and I'm like, I don't know what the hell is going on.
And then he signed the contract. I found the contact.
Next thing I know I'm in the gym again.
And this disaster is I'm trying to get in the. I really do this.
You know, you,
you would probably know because if you getting in shape and getting conditioned,
the two different animals,
they don't even believe belong in the same workout
division of working out, getting in shape is just being kind of fit. Yeah.
No. Should get in shape and able to fit your clothes. Right. Right. You know,
that's getting in shape, being able yet to fit your clothes,
being the condition is being able to come out. Fight of your soul.
No. Yeah. You can't do that automatically.
You're talking about being in fighting condition. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
That's a rare state and.
You can't keep it for very long. No, it is.
People need to understand that the emotional state to prepare for that is an old.
Wound mind body. Well, that's.
What I was seeing when I was seeing you hit the pads. I'm like this,
isn't just working out. There was something going on, man.
When you were working out with Cardera,
when you rip into the body and throw those hooks, I was like,
this is a man who's preparing to go to combat. This is not normal.
Getting ready to work out. That's why, when I saw that video, I was like, oh.
Let me tell you something about that video. Yeah.
I did that video and I was in bed for a week.
That was 30 seconds that I was in bed for a week.
And it's not funny because it made me realize that this is, this is,
this is big. Okay. It's big boy. right there.
That wasn't really cool. That's in the gym. That's now the thing is though, nah,
nah, that's, that's gone for, you know, five and six rounds that's now.
But I'm talking about before that 30 seconds, the first time I ever did it,
I caught 'em. What's the you could where you can
[inaudible] they came and everything, all that.
They came back to made me quit boxing. All the pain started coming back.
So when you started training again, did you start doing it slowly.
After that? Extremely slowly. And then I started, um,
dabbling in alternative stuff. Like what kind of stuff?
Prior therapy type, cryo.
Um, stem,
cell research and therapy and some other interesting stuff that
I just don't know. And this just beautiful stuff. Like what kind of stuff?
I don't know. Hyperbaric chamber, other than just everything, everything,
everything that helps you recover. It's really interesting.
It is it. Well, I saw you when you walked in today, I was like, God,
you look good. You look good, dude. Like your muscles look good.
You look like your vascular. You look fit.
And that's um, and I'm starting to feel fit.
That's what's interest them. So I know what they do and stuff like,
I think I'm in shape. And then the next thing you know,
you think you're in shape and then you start having like Ralphie and start
throwing punches at me.
It's like a fight and I can't punch back when I got to avoid.
And then two rounds go by and he said, whoa, I'm not in shape.
I meant in the bag, six round, I'm doing this three,
five round six I'm jumping rope. And then I do two rounds.
Somebody is a whole different psychological preparation. And whoo.
How much time has gone.
Since you first started exercising? Like when did it, when did it start?
So here we are with like August 23rd or something like that. 22nd.
When did, when did it start?
It had to start, um.
Something like April, April. So want something in the middle of the lockdown?
Yeah. So you just, just started just training.
And now here you are five months later, four months later.
How, how far away do you think you are to being in like fighting shape?
Oh, fighting shape when the time comes like by, um, November 28th. Yeah.
That's when he'd be ready. Exactly.
Now, did you guys decide to move it?
You were supposed to be in September where I was born. I believe two other.
Viewing, um, situation, um,
at the proper timing for more people.
For audiences or something of that.
Nature. It's so exciting so often because, um,
it's going to be, um,
me and everyone else that's involved arrows and anyone innovation.
Then we go to, um,
start off the legends only league and that's going to be really, um,
breathtaking, especially starting off with me and Roy. Yeah.
And I'm looking forward to that because I have athletes from every gentleman.
It's a Ray of everybody who was,
who believed that someone they're all going to come back in all fields and this
is going to be something that mean, um, arrows intervention created together.
And I think this is going to be pretty awesome. So.
Legends only league will be like all sports, baseball, basketball.
Yeah. Yeah. I think mandolin and crazy.
Like we did with Billie Jean King to have somebody else say one of two
somebody playing McEnroe and that kind of stuff,
exhibitions and stuff like that.
If somebody like I'm a man of war can play one-on-one with
whoever I was in with somebody, I mean many peace men of war,
the horse.
Metta world peace. Yeah. No, it's, it's an amazing idea.
But particularly for you,
like seeing you hit the bag again and seeing you hit the pads and get excited
about it, it was very, very interesting to me because, uh,
I knew that you had that thing in your head where you did want to ignite your
ego and then you had this quote that the gods of war reignited, your ego.
I read that. I got so excited. Well, that's the excuse I can use.
Yeah, really great excuse that I can use.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st to December 1st,
they're going to be available everywhere,
but after December 1st they will only be available on Spotify,
but they will be free. That includes the video. The video will also be there.
It'll also be free. That's all we're asking.
Just go download Spotify much Bubba.